= DESCRIPTION:

Create and manage users and groups

= DATABAGS:

== users

{
    "id"       : "username",
    "name"     : "Real Name",
    "uid"      : 10001,
    "shell"    : "/bin/bash",
    "password" : "$1$OWxipM7o$9aC2eh/NX0umkmX7Nf2mr1",
    "ssh_keys" : [
      "ssh public key goes here",
      "and this is another key if you like"
    ]
}

The user's SSH public keys can be included in the ssh_keys array. Each
should be a string containing the key data. The contents of this array
will be written to the user's ~/.ssh/authorized_keys

The "shell" and "password" fields are optional. Shell defaults to
/bin/bash, and password defaults to "foo".

To generate the password, do this:

  $ openssl passwd -1

You will be prompted to enter your password (twice!) then a hash will
pop out.

== groups

{
    "id"      : "group name",
    "gid"     : 20001,
    "members" : [
      "username",
      "otheruser"
    ]
}

All fields are required.

== disabled_users

Users in this databag will have their accounts locked if they
exist. Format is the same as regular users.

= USAGE:

  include_recipe "accounts"

... or, individually:

  include_recipe "accounts::skel"
  include_recipe "accounts::groups"
  include_recipe "accounts::users"

= LICENSE

Copyright 2010, Estately, Inc.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
