= DESCRIPTION:

Install and configure postgresql

= ATTRIBUTES:

The attributes listed below are those necessary to tune your postgresql
server using the pgtune tool, which you can get from:

  http://pgfoundry.org/projects/pgtune/

You should install postgresql using this recipe, run pgtune, and update
any necessary attributes. The default values came directly from the
default configuration that ships with the PostgreSQL 9.0 package.

 * postgresql.max_connections
 * postgresql.shared_buffers
 * postgresql.work_mem
 * postgresql.maintenance_work_mem
 * postgresql.wal_buffers
 * postgresql.checkpoint_segments
 * postgresql.checkpoint_completion_target
 * postgresql.effective_cache_size
 * postgresql.log_min_duration_statement
 * postgresql.log_duration
 * postgresql.log_line_prefix
 * postgresql.log_statement
 * postgresql.autovacuum_vacuum_threshold
 * postgresql.autovacuum_vacuum_scale_factor

We also set the sysctl shmmax setting. You can set it yourself in
sysctl.shmmax, or let the cookbook calculate it for you.

= DATABAGS:

== networks

The networks databag is used by the postgresql::server recipe to
restrict access to the defined networks.

{
  "id" : "office-external",

  "cidr"    : "216.243.1.48/28",
  "range"   : "216.243.1.49-62",
  "netmask" : "255.255.255.240",

  "network"   : "216.243.1.48",
  "broadcast" : "216.243.1.63",
  "gateway"   : "216.243.1.49",

  "dns": [
    "208.76.152.1",
    "208.76.152.9"
  ]
}

== users

The users databag is used by the postgresql::server recipe to map system
users to database users. See the accounts README for more details on
this databag.

= USAGE:

  include_recipe "postgresql::server"
  include_recipe "postgresql::postgis"
  include_recipe "postgresql::client"

= LICENSE

Copyright 2010-11, Estately, Inc.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
