= DESCRIPTION:

Installs logrotate and provides a definition for setting up log rotation

= REQUIREMENTS:

Tested on Ubuntu 10.04 LTS

= USAGE:

  include_recipe "logrotate"

You can just name a log file and it'll do (what we consider to be) the
right thing:

  rotate_log "/path/to/logfile"

This is equivalent to:

  rotate_log "/path/to/logfile" do
    compress      true
    delaycompress true
    datestamp     true

    frequency :daily
    keep 3650 # ten years!

    copytruncate false
  end

Which, in logrotate terms, translates to:

  /path/to/logfile {
    compress
    delaycompress

    dateext

    daily
    rotate 3650

    missingok
    notifempty
  }

You can also specify the name of the rotater config and filenames
separately:

  rotate_log "nginx" do
    files "/var/log/nginx/*.log"
  end

This yields:

  /var/log/nginx/*.log {
    # ... all the boilerplate from above
  }

Files can also be an array:

  rotate_log "nginx" do
    files "/var/log/nginx/*.log", "/var/www/site/shared/logs/nginx*.log"
  end

Yielding:

  /var/log/nginx/*.log /var/www/site/shared/logs/nginx*.log {
    # ...
  }

Notes:

* currently, `missingok` and `notifempty` are not tunable. You want
  them.

* the defaults assume that you have no need of a postrotate script...
  if you want, you can use the postrotate directive. Note that this
  will enable sharedscripts.

  rotate_log "/var/log/nginx/*.log" do
    postrotate "kill -USR1 `cat /var/run/nginx.pid`"
  end

... yields ...

  /var/log/nginx/*.log {
    # everything from above plus:

    sharedscripts
    postrotate
      kill -USR1 `/var/run/nginx.pid`
    endscript
  }

= LICENSE

Copyright 2010-2011, Estately, Inc.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
