= DESCRIPTION:

Install and configure redis

= REQUIREMENTS:

Tested on Ubuntu 10.04

= ATTRIBUTES:

redis.timeout:: specify the connect timeout in seconds. Defaults to 300. 0 to disable.
redis.loglevel:: specify the level at which redis logs. Defaults to notice.
redis.databases:: specify the number of databases. Defaults to 16.
redis.appendfsync:: specify when the append-only database is flushed. Options are 'always', 'everysec', and 'no'. Defaults to always.
redis.snapshot_intervals:: an array of hashes of number of seconds => number of changes:

    [
        { 900 : 1     },
        { 300 : 10    },
        { 60  : 10000 }
    ]

This yields:

    save 900 1
    save 300 10
    save 60 10000

...based on the documentation from the sample config, included below:

  save <seconds> <changes>

  Will save the DB if both the given number of seconds and the given
  number of write operations against the DB occurred.

  In the example below the behaviour will be to save:
  after 900 sec (15 min) if at least 1 key changed
  after 300 sec (5 min) if at least 10 keys changed
  after 60 sec if at least 10000 keys changed

= USAGE:

  include_recipe "redis"

= LICENSE

Copyright 2010, Estately, Inc.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
